Addressing VDR comments (#1094)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: tutorials/image/getting-started/README.md

python -c "from huggingface_hub import snapshot_download; snapshot_download('ttj/sac-logos-ava1-l14-linearMSE', local_dir='./model_weights/ttj/sac-logos-ava1-l14-linearMSE', force_download=True)"
```

> Note: users can use `unzip` package (can be installed with `apt-get update && apt-get install unzip -y`) or any other compressing package

Reviewer: Small nit: Can we move this instruction above the LAION NSFW detector section since that uses `unzip` to extract the model zip file.

```suggestion
Note: Users may need to install the `unzip` package (can be installed with `apt-get update && apt-get install unzip -y`) to extract the model files.
```

> - **High-memory GPUs (80 GB+)** like H100, B200, or A100 80GB: Increase batch sizes for better performance (e.g., `--task-batch-size 500 --embedding-batch-size 500 --aesthetic-batch-size 500 --nsfw-batch-size 500`)

Reviewer: Could we also add instructions above to optionally install unzip if needed. 

Something like 
```bash
apt-get update && apt-get install unzip -y
```

Author: Fixed.
